Codepen url: https://codepen.io/Julani/pen/povvPKG?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? Markup that tells you or web crawlers what type of content is suppose to be in the area.
2. What is HTML used for? It is used as the bones or frame of a webpage.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Adds additional information inside an element or modifies Elements.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is used for the title that details the main topic of the page. It should only be used once per page.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes: Input and select.
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Meta tags, Style tags, Title, Links to external files.
7. What is an id? Is an attribute for the most unique element on the page.
8. What elements can I add an id to? It can be added to any HTML element.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
10. What is a class? Is and attribute that can select multiple elements to style at the same time.
11. What elements can I add a class to? You can add class to any element.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? There are no limits to how many times you can use a class.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Target=”_blank”
14. What is the alt attribute used for? May be used for additional information to index photos, or explain what a photos should have been if it is unable to be seen. 
15. How do I reference an id?
#id { 
}
16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section is used for Semantic markup where as div is only used as a container.
17. What is CSS used for? A cascading way to style webpages with specificity along with the last style written being make the rule. 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {
}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An ID would be used only once throughout a page whereas a class can be used on multiple elements. Ex. ID on Navigation header as there would only be one nav in the header. With classes you may want the same style on all paragraphs throughout a page.
20. How do we select classes in CSS? Place a (.) in front of the class name.
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human {
}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent selector is wrap around a child selector, which will add to specificity when targeting elements for styling.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a {
}
24. What is a pseudo selector? Is the special state of an element ex. Hovered or clicked on.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Line-spacing
27. What do we use to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:uppercase (CAPITALS), text-transform:lowercase (lowercase), text-transform:capitalize (Capitalize).
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Border: 1px dotted black;
29. How do I select everything on the page? Use the wildcard as a selector (*).
30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* Write comment here. */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Type (pwd)
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Type( ls)
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  Type (rm) then the file name.
34. Why should I use version control? In order to organize workflow for you and your team on projects being done together.
35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you add a new feature.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Git push
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork a project, add a collaborator, using Git and Git-hub clone the project in the Directory you desire. Then create branch in Git. Update project files: Git add . , Git commit -m “Describe changes here”, Git push. Pull request then add reviewer. 
